hey guys that was just me 17 up my inner
asian chinese era and actually chinese
i'm only a quarter but I mean let's pick
at them out one chord it this has to do
with my DIY today so um today I'm going
to do a DIY boba milk tea with the
actual bow bow because i'll FB in urea
boba is like a really big thing but for
us at least boba is huge because they
just opened this place called class to
go to they have these big things of like
that you can buy these big cups and just
get whatever boba however much or
however much to you want and it is so
good so now everyone's in love with over
here and yeah so i'm gonna show you how
to make it at home so continue watching
you will need one half a cup of tapioca
pearls one half a cup of brown sugar 1
half a cup of milk one half a cup of
normal sugar and your favorite packs of
tea you can get the tapioca balls at any
asian supermarket first you will pour
both the sugars into one goal then pour
that in a small saucepan along with one
cup of water turn up the heat and cook
this for about two to three minutes
you will use three cups of water into a
small saucepan and then turn up the heat
to a boil
once that's done boiling you can put on
your four packs of your most favorite
tea but make sure you take it off the
heat once you're done putting in the
teabags love this seat for about 15
minutes after 15 minutes take them all
out and put it right into the fridge so
i can get cool
then put in one half a cup of regular
milk and then put in your tea that had
been pulling in the fridge for at least
15 minutes for sweetener you can add
some of the simple syrup that you made
earlier for your boat by it works really
well I put in a lot in the ends but yeah
then make sure you mix it really well so
it all gets evenly distributed first
you'll put four cups of water into a
rather large saucepan today then turn up
the heat and make sure it comes to a
boil then while it's still boiling get
your tapioca pearls and put in one half
into the boiling pot
class
in the beginning they look like this and
then I to keep cooking them they will
start to puff up and change colors then
after seven minutes you can drain them
so you're just left with the regular
boba
Mike and soul
next you can put on one half a cup of
the simple syrup and let that soak for
15 minutes and this is what it should
look like then after 15 minutes you can
drain them again so you're left with the
sugary coated boba you can evenly
distribute the boba into two glasses I
wonder my drink cold so i added ice
cubes then i add in the milk tea i
recommend buying boba straw so you can
suck up all the boba thanks for watching
don't forget to Like and subscribe